[Hot Fix] README figure wonk (#295)
cytomining/pycytominer: README.md

Pycytominer is a suite of common functions used to process high dimensional readouts from high-throughput cell experiments.
The tool is most often used for processing data through the following pipeline:

> <img height="325" src="https://github.com/cytomining/pycytominer/blob/master/media/pipeline.png?raw=true">

Reviewer: Consider adding an `alt` attribute to this `img` which helps describe the image to increase web accessibility.

Author: good point, will add

- [Cell locations lookup table generation](#Creating-a-cell-locations-lookup-table)
- [Generating gct files for Morpheus visualization](#Generating-a-GCT-file-for-morpheus)

> Note, [`pycytominer.cyto_utils.cells.SingleCells()`](pycytominer/cyto_utils/cells.py) contains code to interact with single cell SQLite files, which are output from CellProfiler.

Reviewer: Suggestion for keeping single-cell hyphenation consistent.
```suggestion
Note, [`pycytominer.cyto_utils.cells.SingleCells()`](pycytominer/cyto_utils/cells.py) contains code to interact with single-cell SQLite files, which are output from CellProfiler.
```

> The single-cell processing speed of SQLite files depends on SQLite file size and amount of memory (RAM) available the computational environment machine.

Reviewer: Suggesting some very optional changes here. I think SQLite extraction can be both memory and core intensive.
```suggestion
Processing capabilities for SQLite files depends on SQLite file size and your available computational resources (for ex. memory and cores).
```
